Docs Update for Volunteer Signup (#137)
pyladies/pyladiescon-portal: docs/user/volunteer.md

# Volunteers

Thank you for your interest in volunteering with PyLadiesCon. Please review prerequisites prior to signing up.

## Prerequisites

> Ensure you have created an account for PyLadies Con. Information on how to do that is on the [getting started page](https://pyladiescon-portal-docs.netlify.app/user/get_started/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure you have created an account for PyLadiesCon. Information on how to do that is on the [getting started page](https://pyladiescon-portal-docs.netlify.app/user/get_started/).
```

> Communication for PyLadies Con is done via Discord. Go to [Discord](https://discord.com/register) to register for an account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Communication for PyLadiesCon is done via Discord. Go to [Discord](https://discord.com/register) to register for an account.
```
